---
title: "The Breakpoint [2025-11-15] - Read the docs"
date: 2025-11-15
description: 
---

Meow world, welcome back to The Breakpoint, a weekly thread on all things dev tools on Product Hunt.

## The latest

> Recent dev-first products launched on the site

- Firecrawl launched v2.5, "the world's best Web Data API" powered by a new Semantic Index & custom browser stack
- Helicone AI announced an open-source AI gateway for AI-native startups
- Lovelace is a browser-based AI IDE to code from anywhere
- Snyk now plugs into your AI code assistants to scan code suggestions in real time, flag risky patterns, and guide safer fixes
- Shadcnblocks is the ultimate block set you need for @shadcn/ui

## Read the docs

"Why still asking questions when the docs are clear?" @chilarai joked.

You may fear, or have experienced, being ragged on for asking a question that could have been searched. People might have told you to RTFM or sent a LMGTFY link. What if we find a way to fix it, skip this awkward moment, and go straight to regular, enjoyable work?

Join the discussion →

## The job board

> Recent dev-first products launched on the site—that are actively hiring. No affiliation, most of them are hiring across the board.

- Firecrawl is hiring a Developer Relations Engineer, remote WW
- Snyk is hiring an Engineering Manager, in London, UK
- Nango is hiring a Founding DevRel, remote US
- Warp is hiring a Technical Copywriter, remote US
- Thesys is hiring an AI Software Developer Lead, in Bengaluru, IN

## Keep reading
- The Breakpoint [2025-11-04] - The future of software engineering?
- The Breakpoint [2025-10-31] - Do early users care about design?
- The Breakpoint [2025-10-21] - On context engineering