---
title: "The Breakpoint [2025-11-19] - The art of prompt engineering"
date: 2025-11-19
description: 
---

Meow world, welcome back to The Breakpoint, a weekly thread on all things dev tools on Product Hunt.

## The latest

> Recent dev-first products launched on the site

- Thesys launched an API that lets your AI apps generate slides and reports
- cto.new is a completely free AI coding agent
- Dropstone is a living, adaptative IDE that mirror your logic, structure, and problem-solving style
- bunny.net launched a CDN security platform with advanced features to protect your apps and APIs
- Logo.dev wants you to switch from Clearbit Logo API

## The art of prompt engineering

@princeajuzie is spot on. The way you prompt your AI tools might hit or break your work, which makes it a core skill.

Well-structured or small and iterative, what's your approach with prompts? How do you craft them when building products? What are your best practices and favorite tools to improve prompt clarity and get better outputs?

Join the discussion →

## The job board

> Recent dev-first products launched on the site—that are actively hiring. No affiliation, most of them are hiring across the board.

- Cursor is hiring a Growth Engineer, in San Francisco, CA
- Helicone AI is hiring a Founding Engineer, in San Francisco, CA
- Meilisearch is hiring a Senior Software Engineer, remote EU, US
- Raycast is hiring a Community Engineer, remote EU
- Zed is hiring a Rust Engineer, remote EU, US

## Keep reading
- The Breakpoint [2025-11-15] - Read the docs
- The Breakpoint [2025-11-04] - The future of software engineering?
- The Breakpoint [2025-10-31] - Do early users care about design?