---
title: "The Breakpoint [2025-10-21] - On context engineering"
date: 2025-10-21
description: 
---

Meow world, welcome back to The Breakpoint, a weekly thread on all things dev tools on Product Hunt.

## The latest

> Recent dev-first products launched on the site

- Cal.com announced a new holding company, coss.⁠com, and launched a UI component library
- OpenStatus is an open-source uptime monitoring platform with elegant status pages
- TinyFast is a fast and private size reducer tool for MacOS
- Kibo UI introduced Patterns, a collection of 1,000+ free shadcn/ui examples for use in your project
- Zed, the fast, beautifully crafted, and open-source IDE, is now available on Windows

## How do you approach Context Engineering? 

English might become the world's fastest-growing programming language, and prompting? A core skill. In this thread, Ashok brainstorms strategies for managing context to guide better AI outputs.

Above all? Filter out the noise. Start small by including the most relevant elements, then refine to your needs.

Join the discussion →

## The job board

> Recent dev-first products launched on the site—that are actively hiring. No affiliation, most of them are hiring across the board.

- Aikido Security is hiring a Full Stack Developer, remote EU
- Kilo Code is hiring a Senior Software Engineer, remote US, EU
- Layercode is hiring a Product Engineer, remote US, EU
- Mintlify is hiring a Developer Relations Engineer, San Francisco, CA
- Supabase is hiring a Growth Engineer, remote WW