---
title: "The Breakpoint [2025-12-10] - Rubber duck everything"
date: 2025-12-10
description: 
---

Meow world, welcome back to The Breakpoint, a weekly thread on all things dev tools on Product Hunt.

## The latest

> Recent dev-first products launched on the site

- TwelveLabs launched Marengo 3.0, their "most powerful embedding model for video understanding"
- Bun, the JavaScript toolkit, recently acquired by Anthropic
- Unosend is an API-first, cost-effective email platform
- Pylar securely connects your entire data stack to any AI agent
- 8bitcn/ui turns @shadcn/ui into an 8-bit styled component library

## Rubber duck everything

Here's the thing: Sometimes it's good to take a step back and reflect—rubber duck debugging, anyone?

In this discussion, Loïc encourages us to write things down, and it's probably for the best. Developer-first companies like Stripe fully embrace the writing culture, and the result? They might have among the best documentation in the industry. Let's do it.

Join the discussion →

## The job board

> Recent dev-first products launched on the site—that are actively hiring. No affiliation, most of them are hiring across the board.

- Dagster is hiring a Platform Engineer, remote US
- Kilo Code is hiring a Solutions Engineer, remote EU
- Supabase is hiring a FinOps Engineer, remote WW
- Warp is hiring a Developer Relation Engineer, remote US
- TwelveLabs is hiring a Forward Deployed Engineer, remote US

## Keep reading

- The Breakpoint [2025-12-03] - Claude workflows
- The Breakpoint [2025-11-25] - Did Anthropic win the AI coding race?
- The Breakpoint [2025-11-19] - The art of prompt engineering