---
title: "The Breakpoint [2025-10-31] - The future of software engineering?"
date: 2025-10-31
description: 
---

Meow world, welcome back to The Breakpoint, a weekly thread on all things dev tools on Product Hunt.

## The latest

> Recent dev-first products launched on the site

- Next.js 16 is now Generally Available, including the latest Turbopack and React improvements
- Amp is an agentic coding tool built by @Sourcegraph, available for free, funded by ads
- Plexe lets you build the next ML model with a prompt
- Reflex wants you to build production-ready web apps using Python
- Trigger.dev is the open source platform for building AI workflows in TypeScript

## Do you think early users care about design or just function?

This thread reminds me of a quote by Don Norman, author of _Design of Everyday Things_ (2013):

> Engineers dismiss the visceral response as irrelevant. They're dismayed when products sell better "just because they look better." But we all make these judgments, even those logical engineers. Visceral responses matter.

While function might win over design sometimes, developer-first companies like Stripe, Linear, and Resend, to name a few, made quality software a first principle.

Join the discussion →

## The job board

> Recent dev-first products launched on the site—that are actively hiring. No affiliation, most of them are hiring across the board.

- Trigger.dev is hiring a Senior Backend Engineer, Remote UK, US, EU
- Browserbase is hiring a Developer Advocate Lead, San Francisco, CA
- Cosine is hiring a Product Engineer, London, UK
- Sourcegraph is hiring a Technical Marketing Engineer, San Francisco, CA
- v0 by Vercel is hiring a Product Engineer, Hybrid US