---
title: "The Breakpoint [2026-01-30] - Best AI models for coding tasks"
date: 2026-01-30
description: 
---

Meow world, welcome back to The Breakpoint, a weekly thread on all things dev tools on Product Hunt.

## The latest

> Recent dev-first products launched on the site

- Mastra released stable 1.0 for building AI apps and agents
- nlsh lets you talk to your temrinal in plain English
- Notte launched a product to record browser tasks and get production-ready automation code
- Tonkotsu is a fresh approach to coding with agents, in a clean, opinionated GUI
- Usagebar is a macOS menu bar app that tracks your Claude Code 5-hour and weekly usage limits

## Best AI model for coding tasks?

Hot topic right now: if you write code with AI, which model are you picking.

As pointed out in The Frontier, replies vary significantly and it seems that there are two distinct AI coding styles. On one hand, some people swear by one frontier model, Anthropic's Claude Sonnet 4.5 and Opus 4.5 leading the way (72%). On the other hand, others mention combos depending on the tasks, suggesting OpenAI's GPT-5.2 and Gemini 3 when debugging.

What's your preference?

Take the survey →

## The job board

> Recent dev-first products launched on the site—that are actively hiring. No affiliation, most of them are hiring across the board.

- Kilo Code is hiring a Forward Deployed Engineer, Remote EU
- Blink.new is hiring a Developer Experience Engineer, remote US
- Crustdata is hiring a Founding Product Engineer, in San Francisco, CA
- Trunk is hiring a Senior DevRel Engineer, in San Francisco, CA
- PostHog is hiring a Developer Marketer, remote EU

## Keep reading

- The Breakpoint [2026-01-20] - Prompt engineering best practices
- The Breakpoint [2026-01-07] - Happy 2026
- The Breakpoint [2025-12-17] - Best AI automation tools?
