---
title: "The Breakpoint [2026-01-07] - Happy 2026"
date: 2026-01-07
description: 
---

Meow world, welcome back to The Breakpoint, a weekly thread on all things dev tools on Product Hunt.

## The latest

> Recent dev-first products launched on the site

- Firecrawl launched /agent an API that searches, navigates, and gathers data from complex websites
- cto.new launched an AI benchmark tool based on real end-to-end coding tasks from their users
- DiffSense is a free, local AI git commit generator
- Stakpak.dev is now open-source
- Ultracite is an opinionated linter and code formatter, free and open-source

## The state of software engineering in 2026?

Last year, we had a discussion on the future of software engineering in the age of AI, and the latest State of Open Source highlighted some answers: AI is now standard in software development. It doesn't replace developers, tho. It brings more people into the ecosystem.

As we're entering a new year, we could start making predictions again. On X, @rauchg shared:

> I expect the web to become a lot more whimsical in 2026. Cost of personalization is plummeting with AI. Your wildest dreams and visions can be turned into pixels now. A renaissance is imminent.

Over to you! What do you think 2026 will look like for developers?

Join the discussion →

## The job board

> Recent dev-first products launched on the site—that are actively hiring. No affiliation, most of them are hiring across the board. Supported by DatoCMS.

- Raycast is hiring a Design Engineer, remote EU
- Appwrite is hiring a Developer Advocate, remote WW
- Firecrawl is hiring a Developer Experience Engineer, remote WW
- Thesys is hiring a Developer Advocate, in Bengaluru, IN
- Mastra is hiring a Product Engineer, remote US

## Keep reading

- The Breakpoint [2025-12-17] - Best AI automation tools?
- The Breakpoint [2025-12-10] - Rubber duck everything
- The Breakpoint [2025-12-03] - Claude workflows